The save() function in AnswerForm is trying to save the Lessons table, which should NOT happen.  It should only save data to the Answers table!!

first name on graded lesson should be only the string up to the first space in the first name field.- DONE

Choose comments - save list, edits done on grading form, convert data to print format on print - DONE

standard blurb for Intro - DONE

first save should confirm - DONE

pre-build boxes for grading forms - DONE, forms now use wx.CheckBox instead of dabo dCheckBox

Gender field should be a dropdown - DONE

Age should be blank if age in db = 0 - DONE - null is now default for Age and BirthDate

grading form answer box should be larger - DONE

'wrong answers' checkbox should be checked by default - DONE

Teacher and Contact should be verified after pressing the Grade Lesson button befoe the form is displayed to choose a lesson.  No Teacher, No Contact, No Grading! - DONE

string substitution on comments should happen on the Comments form - DONE

Comments button should be disabled until Score has been computed, so that the number of missed questions will be available to the Comments form for string substitution

rearrange buttons on the Students form, grouping them by similar function - DONE

New Student does not work if Lookup has been used - DONE

new student data - tab order - DONE

duplicate name check when changing name on student record - DONE

Teacher/Contact dropdowns should sort alpha by last name - DONE

remove 'Has done WBS before?' from grading sheets - DONE

If a lookup finds no records, pop up a dialog to inform the user - DONE

Add Failed/Incomplete function - DONE

DONE! Can Contacts and Teachers forms be Modal?  -- not currently, as they run from the menu, and I have
not found a way to set the Modal option.  Perhaps I should create a 'maintenance' dialog that has buttons for
the db forms, and open that from the menu.  It could have buttons to select the table you want, and open the
forms in Modal so you have to close them to continue.  Since the maintenance dialog would be modal as well,
when it is closed the Students form could update the controls to get any changes.  Or, if there is a way to
open a form in Modal from a menu, do that.  Either way, we need to notify the Students form when changes
are made to the Teachers or Contacts table, so it can refresh the controls. - DONE!  Right-clicking
on the Contacts or Teachers field will bring up the relevant form, from which the user
can add or delete entries.  The forms are Modal, so the user must close them to continue.
When they close, the StudentsForm knows about it, and updates the relevant field.  This is
all possible because StudentsForm is calling the other forms directly, rather than the
menu, which is not part of the form itself, calling the form.  When the menu does it,
the form does not know about it, and so cannot update itself when the form is closed.

TIGN - two possible sets of numbers for questions on grading form/output. DONE

Grades form should show student name instead of rec_no, and lesson short name instead of lesson_rec_no - DONE

Write to DB not working on GradingForm - DONE

Deleting a contact not working - foreign key failure because records existed pointing to that contact. Need to 
inform the user when either a Teacher or a Contact is being deleted, and records exist pointing to that person. 
Ask user who to point those records to instead, update the records, then delete. - PARTIALLY
DONE.  Deleting a Contact works, if the Contact is not associated with any students.  The
same will apply to Teachers.  If they ARE associated, the program will need to set the
associated records to point to someone else, or delete them.  The best thing might be to
require the user to delete or re-point Student records before removing a Contact or
Teacher.  However, the possibility also exists to have the program automatically point
affected Student records to the default Contact or Teacher, which is always record 1,
and the name fields are blank.  Need to discuss this with the users to determine how
they would like to handle this situation.  -- Need to default students that are affected and print
a list so the admins know who was affected by the change.

Can I create a form in the application that will read in data from the Access DB and save it to 
the MySQL DB?  That would be a nice way to migrate.  The old programs for Access have everything
needed to fetch the data, and this one has everything to write to MySQL.  If a form could load the
Access data by using the old code, then Dabo could be used to save the data to the new DB.

Many save() functions were enclosed in try/except blocks, which is fine, but at the same time
dialogs with status messages were put in to alert the user.  Many of them have output
that does not match the message string, which is confusing enough, but some, like 
when the user selects a Contact after getting the message that one is necessary before
grading, don't seem to work correctly.  The contact is saved, the result = True instead of 
None as the message would indicate, and the user still cannot grade.  Apparently the 
form is not being refreshed?  PARTIAL - form now updates correctly, but messages are still confusing.


Need to create styles for the table output on the PDF
